BOYD: Previously on From...
This place is fucking
with your head
because it knows
how much you miss your dad.
I watched you have
two seizures in two days.
You're only angry at me
right now
'cause you know I'm right.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
VICTOR: When I found Mom out
by The Bottle Tree. I saw him.
[GASPS]
He was eating her.
♪ We'll be leaving
On a jet plane ♪
What's wrong with you?
Show him what he did!
Okay. okay. okay.
TABITHA: There's
something about those dolls.
I think I've seen them before.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[SCREAMS]
[EMBERS SIZZLE]
We have to--
TABITHA: Donna!
Donna!
[CHOKES]
[GRUNTS]
[MUSIC FADES]
DONNA: What just happened?
I remembered.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
I remembered
how to hurt them.
Boyd. I think
the mushrooms kicked in.
[RETCHES]
[GROANS]
Show me what I used to know.
It's me when I was 12 years old.
[IN FRENCH] You have to
clear the way to see the path.
[OBJECTS CLATTER]
[IN ENGLISH] This is where
the children were sacrificed.
Tell me how we save them
when we've already failed.
Hi. Jade.
No! No!
[MUSIC RISES]
Anghkooey.
[SCREAMS]
Jade! Jade! Hey. hey!
How the fuck did we get here?
Jade. you never left.
I know what
we have to do to go home.
I know how we can
save the children.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
You can't be serious.
[SIGHS] I'm telling you.
it is the only way.
To what?
To get everyone killed?
You want to go
down in those tunnels
where those things live
because you think
the bones of those children
are buried down there?
Yes!
It's getting late. All right?
We should get some sleep.
Listen. I understand
that this all seems
a little shaky.
BOYD: "A little shaky"?
Is that how you'd describe this?
"A little shaky"?
We knew going into this
it was an out-of-the-box swing.
If you're just
going to flatly reject
everything I found
based on how I found it.
then what the fuck
did I even do this for?
BOYD: All right. all right.
JADE: [SIGHS]
All right.
Let's just forget for a second
that you saw all this during
a mushroom-infused fever dream.
Let's just...
Let's just put that
aside for a second.
Even if you're right...
and the bones are down there...
so what?
How does finding bones
help us go home?
I'm not entirely sure yet.
Right.
Bones.
Okay. listen to me.
There are countless examples
throughout history
of cultures. of religions
that hold the remains...
the remains of the deceased
in great reverence.
What do you think the Egyptians
mummified their rulers for?
This place.
this fucking nightmare
that we are stuck in
was built...
on a sacrifice.
What if the bones
are what anchor the spirits
of those children here?
I mean. have you ever wondered
why those creatures
never come out of the tunnels
during the day?
What if they're down there
protecting the very thing
that makes this place possible?
Which brings me back to the part
where you get everyone killed.
Not if we do it right.
Oh. okay.
Tell me what the right version
of this plan looks like. Just...
Well. I mean. that's sort of
where you come in. [HESITATES]
[SIGHS]
Look. I realize
there are a lot of things
in your head right now
that may turn out
to be really important.
but look at it
from where I'm standing.
You want me to help
plan a suicide mission
because of some things
that you saw in a mushroom trip.
What do I have to do?
What do I have to do
to prove to you this is real?
BOYD: Yeah. I don't know.
[SIGHS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
JADE: The door.
What?
You and I went into
the basement in Colony House.
I already told you.
we didn't go anywhere.
JADE: Yeah.
that's right. We didn't.
And I've never been inside
the basement of Colony House.
so I would have
no way of knowing
what it looks like down there.
Jade. describing
the basement of Colony House
isn't going to prove--
JADE: There was a hidden door.
Do you remember seeing any doors
in the basement of Colony House?
No.
So if we go there.
and we find that door...
would you at least consider
what I'm telling you
about these bones is true?
It'd be a start.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[SLIDE CLICKS]
BOYD: Come on.
Here we go. All right.
Explain to me why this
was fun for your generation.
We didn't have phones.
Interesting.
It's like social media
from the Stone Age.
This is it. This.
This is the basement I saw.
It's a little more organized.
Yeah. we're trying
to build a narrative
for the people
that came before us.
See if we missed anything.
Boyd's just trying
to keep me busy
because he knows
that I want to kill myself.
JADE: Oh. How's that going?
I haven't slit my wrists yet.
So it's going well then.
What do you need?
I'm looking for
a secret door that I saw
while I was on mushrooms
I found in the forest.
People have
strange conversations here.
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
Yahtzee!
[PANTS]
Come on! Give me a hand!
BOYD: Okay.
[OBJECTS CLATTER]
Just give me a hand. Come on.
[GRUNTS]
[OBJECT CLATTERS]
No. no. no. No. no. no.
It's supposed to be here.
- Jade.
- JADE: It's supposed to be here.
Everything else--
Everything else
is exactly the same.
All right.
Jade.
[MUSIC RISES]
It's supposed to be here.
[MUSIC FADES]
["QUE SERA. SERA" PLAYING]
♪ When I was just a little boy
♪ I asked my father
What will I be? ♪
♪ Will I be handsome?
Will I be rich? ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ Whatever will be. will be
♪ The future's not ours to see
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ What will be. will be
♪ Now I have
Children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father
What will I be? ♪
♪ Will I be pretty?
Will I be rich? ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ Whatever will be. will be
♪ The future's not ours to see
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ What will be. will be
[SONG FADES]
[GROANS. INHALES DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
Maybe the door--
Maybe... [INHALES DEEPLY]
Maybe it's just a metaphor.
Maybe the bones are a metaphor.
No! No! Listen.
Look.
I understand
that you have doubts.
Okay. if the situation
were reversed.
I'd have doubts too.
And I realize
what I'm suggesting
is incredibly risky.
It's fucking suicide.
Maybe-- Maybe for some. yeah.
BOYD: Oh?
You're okay with that?
What. we lose
a couple of people?
Maybe a dozen?
How many's too many. Jade?
How many people are gonna die
if you keep sitting
on your goddamn hands
doing nothing?
How many
have you already lost. huh?
What the fuck did you say to me?
Say it again.
Go ahead. say it again.
Boyd...
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
...there's only so long
that you can hold
this place together
with grit and good intentions.
At some point.
something's gonna give.
something's gonna change.
You're gonna lose
this whole fucking town.
Don't push me. Jade.
This is our chance. Boyd.
I went looking for answers.
and I found answers.
This is our shot.
[MUSIC FADES]
KENNY: What was that about?
What?
Let's go outside.
So. Jade thinks
that digging up
these bones is gonna...
somehow help us get home.
If the bones are even down there
in the first place. yeah.
That's his theory.
[SIGHS] And Jade and Tabitha
have these memories because...
reincarnation.
Yeah.
[SCOFFS]
Boyd. what do you think?
If you'd asked me
before I got worms under my skin
or before I found
magic rocks in the forest
that protect us
from monsters. what the...
[SCOFFS]
Oh. look. I wasn't...
I wasn't trying
to keep any of this from you.
I just...
I know. I know. I know.
And I mean things
haven't exactly
been quiet lately.
They have not.
[SIGHS]
Remember the good old days
when we used to count the nights
where nothing bad would happen?
If you'd have told me
that was the good part...
[LAUGHS]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
There is something else
we need to talk about.
Look.
WOMAN 1: [IN THE DISTANCE]
Oh. my God. What's he doing?
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Hey. what's going on?
Victor's on the roof.
What?
Shit.
What the...
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
Goddammit.
WOMAN 2: I don't know.
He might need some help.
WOMAN 1: Is he listening?
WOMAN 2: Victor!
Pretty nice view.
What are you doing up here?
When I was a boy.
a man jumped from here.
He hated this place so much.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
And he was
so scared all the time.
so one day he jumped.
It took days
for him to finally die.
He was trying to fix things...
but he just made them worse.
Are you here
because of what I told my dad?
Yeah.
I shouldn't
have told him any of that.
BOYD: Hey. Victor.
The man in the suit...
he came here
just like everybody else.
Is there anything else
you can remember about him?
Hey. hey. Victor.
I can try.
Okay.
Why don't we go inside?
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Sara.
Julie.
Hi.
Uh...
What's the paint for?
I wanted to do
something nice for Sophia.
make her feel more at home.
Nathan always used to say
a fresh of paint
will fix all your woes.
I... I don't know
what color's in the cans.
Look. I just wanted
to say I'm sorry.
I didn't really understand
what you went through.
But I think I do now.
Yeah.
Just wanted to say sorry.
Do you want to help?
I have an extra brush.
Come on inside.
[LOCK CLICKS]
This man in yellow...
you told your dad
he came to town
just like everybody else.
I thought his suit was funny.
He seemed like a nice man.
Was he alone when he came here?
VICTOR: Yes.
I think so.
I don't know. I'm not sure.
Do you remember
what kind of car he came in?
It was big and it was...
it was brown.
Big and brown.
Is that one of the cars
you took out to the woods?
I didn't want to see it.
Okay.
Hey. you think
you could go out there with us
and show us which one it is?
Victor. Hey. hey. Victor.
I'm not going to
make you do anything
that you don't want to do. okay?
We just need to get
as much information as we can.
We need to find out if this guy.
this man. whatever he is.
if it's something
that we've gotta worry about.
Just trying
to keep everybody safe.
Will you help me do that?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hey. it's-- Okay.
VICTOR: Okay.
DONNA: Boyd? You in there?
What...
Hey. what are you doing
back so soon?
Uh... you need to
come down to the shed.
Come on.
Um...
Hey. you doing okay?
ETHAN: Have you seen Victor?
Yeah. He's up in his room.
Where's Ellis?
He's fine.
He went inside
to check on Fatima.
Patty's down at the clinic.
She got pretty banged up.
How?
Let's. uh. go inside.
[DOOR CREAKS]
The fuck. Donna? Who is that?
It was Roger.
I don't know
how else to say this.
so I'm just gonna say it.
We were attacked
by giant dolls...
that came out of the lake.
And these?
Not just decorative.
Tabitha used it
to kill one of the dolls.
Drove it
right through the fucker.
The rest just walked away.
Sadly...
that was after
they got ahold of Roger.
We found his body this morning.
[UNEASY MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh. Jesus.
[MUSIC FADES]
We left some food
back up at the settlement
so we could
bring back the totems.
We figured they'd be worth more
than a few bags of turnips.
Anybody need a drink?
Because I need a drink.
Say something.
It's just a lot to take in.
I'm not crazy.
No. I...
No. I know.
I know. That's not...
After everything that
this place has done to you.
with everything that this place
is still doing to you.
I just don't understand
what's happening.
Okay? And I just--
I feel like there is
just so much more
that I should be doing to help.
And I feel like
I am the one
that's failing here.
No. babe--
ELLIS: No. I know.
And I'm not just--
I'm not just saying that
so that you'll...
Look. just...
Just help me understand.
[SIGHS]
Um...
Growing up.
there were a lot of times
when I was afraid.
A lot of times
when I felt powerless.
But those stories
about the Jinn.
Vishnu and Krishna.
the Golem of Prague...
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
I understand now
why my father
told me those stories.
The world was so fucking scary.
But if I could believe
in magical things. then...
that was something
no one could ever take away.
Look. we have seen
so much darkness.
We live with so much fear.
I need to believe
in magical things.
[MUSIC FADES]
[SIGHS]
VICTOR: [GRUNTS]
Victor?
Hi.
What are you doing?
I'm trying
to remember stuff. Bad stuff.
Is this about the suit
we found in the forest?
Why did you get so scared?
I don't want to tell you that.
Why not?
Because I told my dad.
he got... he got really upset.
Why?
I just told you
I don't want to tell you that.
Well. then.
I guess I'm not
going to tell you
what happened at the settlement.
Fine.
Can I draw with you?
Yes.
The lake had monsters in it.
What kind of monsters?
Giant dolls.
Really?
What did your mom do?
My mom killed one.
Your mom's pretty tough.
Yeah.
Well. my mom
was pretty tough. too.
You know. she was always...
She always smiled
even if she was scared.
Because she knew that
we would be scared
if she didn't.
I don't think
my dad's that strong.
[BIRDS SINGING]
Excuse me.
Have you seen the sheriff?
No. He...
Try up at Colony House. maybe.
Thanks.
[UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING]
Your name is Henry. right?
That's right.
You look troubled. Henry.
Well. it's been a bit of a day.
Excuse me.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[MUSIC FADES]
You again. huh?
Why is there a bar
inside of a gas station?
Better question is.
why is there a gas station
in a town
where no one can leave?
That's a good point.
[LIQUID POURING]
Who makes the alcohol?
It's my understanding
there used to be
a bartender here.
He's dead now. of course.
Do you mind if I join you?
[EXHALES]
Uh... [LAUGHS]
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to bother you.
No. sit. please.
I didn't mean to be rude.
[SIGHS]
SOPHIA: I get it. Trust me.
It's kind of amazing
that anyone here
has the capacity
to do anything even remotely...
Here's to the resiliency
of the human spirit.
Let's be resilient together.
I'd like that.
How old are you?
Old enough
to have buried my dad.
Old enough to grieve.
Touché.
BOYD: All right.
So you're saying
that those things
that attacked you. right.
you're say--
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What are you saying?
[SIGHS]
They were my dolls.
I was a little girl.
The man who took them from me
was afraid of them.
He said
they gave him nightmares.
So he threw them in the lake.
But then when the man died...
somehow they came to life.
KENNY: Our fears become
part of the forest.
What?
When the cicadas
were all over town.
Sara told me Nathan
had always
been terrified of them.
She thought that
maybe the people
who die here. that their fears.
their nightmares
become part of the forest.
I think she was right.
Goddammit.
[GLASS THUDS]
Donna--
How are we gonna tell people?
How are we gonna tell them
that they not only have to worry
about those smiling
pieces of shit
that come out at night.
but now we have
literal fucking nightmares
that we can't even
protect them from?
How much more can people take
before we just--
Why don't you just have a seat?
DONNA: No. look.
I just need to splash
some water on my face.
Hey. Donna! Donna!
KENNY: Donna?
Whoa! Hey. Donna.
Donna. Donna. Donna.
Hey. Donna.
KENNY: Donna!
Donna. talk to me.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
Go get Kristi now.
Yeah.
Take the van.
KENNY: Yeah!
Donna. Hey. do you know
how to check for a pulse?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
WOMAN: [IN THE DISTANCE]
Is everything okay?
BOYD: Come on. Donna. Come on.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
I found the ointment.
Oh. great.
There's not much left.
Okay.
[WHIMPERS]
This is gonna sting. okay?
But it's gonna keep it
nice and clean. okay?
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
KRISTI: Breathe.
[WHIMPERS]
KRISTI: I'm sorry.
Just breathe.
[GROANS] I know.
You're doing great. Good.
PATTY: [WHIMPERING]
You're okay. just breathe.
I know. Just breathe.
Press this here.
There we go.
KENNY: Kristi!
Donna had a heart attack.
What?
BOYD: Come on. Donna.
Stay with me.
Hey. watch out.
Clear the way. Back it up.
Does she have a pulse?
BOYD: What?
TABITHA: No. no. no.
She doesn't. She doesn't.
How long has it been?
I don't know.
Five. seven minutes.
KRISTI: Okay. You started
compressions right away?
- Here.
- Okay.
Clear.
Yeah.
[DEFIBRILLATOR WHINES]
[BEEPS. PULSES]
[BEEPS]
Okay. Continue compressions.
Okay.
Come on. Donna. Come on!
KRISTI: Okay. pulse check.
No pulse.
Okay.
[DEFIBRILLATOR WHINES]
[BEEPS. PULSES]
[BEEPS]
Okay. Continue compressions.
Okay. come on. Donna.
Okay. pulse check.
[PANTS]
No.
Clear.
[DEFIBRILLATOR WHINES]
[BEEPS. PULSES]
[BEEPS]
KRISTI: Okay. go.
Come on. Donna.
Okay. pulse check.
Come on.
No.
What?
TABITHA: No. no. no.
Come on. Hit her again.
[WOEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Hit her again.
[GRUNTS]
[PANTS]
Boyd. Boyd.
it's not going to work.
I said hit her again!
Hey! Don't you do this.
You don't die
until I say you die.
You hear me?
You don't die
until I say you die.
Open your fucking eyes!
[GROANS]
Whoa. whoa.
What was that?
Did you see that?
Yeah.
Did you see it?
Her pulse is back.
It's weak. but it's back.
KRISTI: Donna?
Hey. Donna. can you hear me?
Is she okay? Why isn't she...
I don't know.
but we need the monitor
from the ambulance.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I got it.
You got it?
I got it.
BOYD: Okay.
How are we going
to power them up here?
Power it?
Don't worry about that.
I'll take care of that.
You just take care of her. okay?
Donna. can you hear me?
[MUSIC FADES]
I haven't seen
one of these in years.
Look at this.
BOYD: Jade!
Hey. where are the wires?
JADE: The what?
I'm sorry.
The extra wires
for the radio tower.
Where are they?
ACOSTA: What's going on?
Donna had a heart attack.
What?
JADE: Jesus.
Jade. where are
the fucking wires?
It's out in the shed.
Come on. Come on. Go.
What the fuck is this?
BOYD: There was a problem
at the settlement.
Who? Who is this?
Jade! The wire.
It's under the thing.
Okay. help me move him.
Come on. Yeah. ready?
JADE: Yeah.
BOYD: [STRAINING]
One. two. three.
JADE: Sweet Jesus! Fuck!
Jade. hey. I promise
I'll explain everything later.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Jade! I need your help.
Donna needs your help.
Get your shit together.
Okay. all right.
BOYD: Thank you.
Get the wires.
Look-- Watch out.
What's going on in there?
Is she gonna be okay?
[DOOR CLOSES]
Mom?
What happened?
I thought you were outside.
Why is everyone sitting
by Donna's room?
Um...
Donna had a heart attack.
But she's okay. right?
Is she okay?
We don't know yet.
Everyone's doing
whatever they can.
Hey.
But she was fine.
Is it because
of the settlement?
TABITHA: No.
Because of the dolls?
No. no. no. It's...
Honey. sometimes things
like this just happen to people.
I want to go see her.
TABITHA: Ethan.
I want to see her
before she dies.
Hey. don't say that.
She's not gonna die.
ETHAN: Yes. she is.
Everyone here dies. so please...
just let me say goodbye.
Please.
JADE: [EXHALES]
Okay.
Almost-- Almost got it.
Okay. we got it.
All right. well?
KRISTI: Well.
her vitals are really stable.
which is good.
[HEART RATE MONITOR
BEEPS STEADILY]
Okay. Then why isn't she awake?
Hey. no. talk to me.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
Well. we just
don't know how long
her brain's been
deprived of oxygen for.
She's gonna wake up.
Kristi?
I don't know.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[SIGHS]
Hey.
Tabitha's asking
if she could bring Ethan
in here for a second.
He's just really upset.
KRISTI: Yeah.
just for a second. though.
Okay.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
ETHAN: Donna?
[TENDER MUSIC PLAYING]
I won't forget what you said.
That fear is
what makes us heroes.
I promise I'll always
do my best to be brave.
I love you. Donna.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
That doesn't get
any better. does it?
No...[LAUGHS]
...it does not.
And that. it seems.
is the end of that.
[BLOWS]
[GIGGLES]
I say we go
for bottle number two.
My dear. I cannot find it
in my heart to disagree.
SOPHIA: I can... I can get it.
[CHUCKLES]
Uh...
[TRILLS LIPS]
Can I ask you something?
Fire away.
[CHUCKLES]
Why were you staring
at that suit
in the sheriff's station?
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry.
No. it's all right. It's just...
the man who wore that suit...
he did things to my family.
[SMACKS LIPS]
He did horrible things.
You have family here?
Well. just my son now.
He came here
with my wife and daughter...
40 years ago.
And that man. where is he now?
Rotting in hell. I hope.
I say we drink to your family.
[SMACKS LIPS]
And to your father.
And to my dad.
[GLASSES CLINK]
Wait.
There has to be
something around here
that'll make that taste better.
HENRY: There's not.
Trust me. I've looked.
Well. maybe
you didn't look hard en--
[GROANS]
What happened?
SOPHIA: [WINCES]
[UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING]
Just some broken glass.
Ooh... Well. now...
that doesn't look
too bad. Let me see.
There's got to be a clean rag
around here somewhere.
[MUSIC RISES]
[MUSIC FADES]
You closed? What are you doing?
I'm going to make food
for everyone up at Colony House.
Why?
Donna.
She had a heart attack.
Shit. Um...
Is she okay?
We don't know yet.
You want some help?
That'd be nice.
Let me take that.
It's weird
doing something normal.
I'd almost forgotten
what it was like.
JULIE: [CHUCKLES]
What do you miss most?
Like. not the obvious things.
the little things.
Candy.
I miss candy.
I had a real sweet tooth.
JULIE: [CHUCKLES]
What?
Nothing. [CHUCKLES]
I'm trying to picture you
on a couch somewhere
eating a box of Milk Duds.
Oh.
I was more partial
to gummy worms. gummy bears.
really all things gummy.
I like donuts.
SARA: Oh...
Donuts.
Yeah. I forgot about donuts.
There's this store
that my dad used to take me to.
this donut shop.
when I was a little girl.
[SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
Just me and him.
A stupid daddy-daughter thing.
But one day. I...
I told him
I didn't want to go anymore...
'cause I wanted
to hang out with my friends.
I wish that I...
[SMACKS LIPS]
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Before. you said
you understood
what I went through.
How?
Something here convinced me
that I could still help my dad.
Like I could go back
to the day it happened and...
I could... I could save him.
[INHALES]
I can't do that.
Can I?
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
I'm so sorry
that happened to you.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Hey.
Any news?
No. nothing. Nothing yet.
You... You talk to Fatima?
Yeah.
And?
[SIGHS] Well. my wife
is building a monster
in a room full of dirt.
Hmm.
And yet it...
I think it's exactly
what she needs right now.
- Yeah.
- So...
[DOOR OPENS]
She awake?
No. not yet.
You can go
sit with her if you want.
- Hey.
[HEART RATE MONITOR
BEEPING CONTINUES]
I'll give you some space.
All right.
If anything changes.
you let me know.
BOYD: Yeah.
I'll just be outside.
Okay.
All right.
you can cut the shit now
and open your eyes.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
I want you...
to listen to me.
Okay?
I cannot...
I cannot do this...
without you.
So you better wake the hell up.
You hear me?
We got things to do. you and me.
I'm not saying goodbye.
You understand?
I ain't fucking saying goodbye.
FATHER KHATRI: : What are you
gonna do if she doesn't wake up?
The hell
kind of question is that?
Practical one.
[MUSIC FADES]
BAKTA: Make sure
you get those nice and thin.
I said I'd help.
not cut off my fingers
for a pot of your stew.
It's really good stew.
Mm-hmm.
Um... Make them
a little bit chunkier.
Why are you lurking
over there in the corner?
Get in here
and chop some veggies.
Oh. no. I was...
I wasn't asking.
Okay.
We're a handsome
fucking pair. huh?
You remember the night
that me. Abby. and Ellis
rolled into town?
Yeah.
Pretty sure
Abby wanted you to shoot me.
You scared the shit out of us.
running into
the middle of the street
like a goddamn lunatic.
Then you bring us down
to some dugout bunker.
and there was Donna.
And Dale.
Dale was there too. you know?
Remember the first question
Donna asked me?
No.
"Do any of you snore?"
I didn't know what the fuck
she was talking about.
We just heard monsters
screeching in the forest
and then climbed into a hole.
And this lady
is talking about snoring.
Then she looked at me
calm and steady and said...
"If you snore. they'll find us."
Right there in the middle
of all the fear. the disbelief.
the pants-shitting chaos.
a little voice in the back
of my head said. "This one...
yeah. she knows how to survive."
"We might be okay."
That's what got me
through that night.
Darkest. scariest
night of my life.
and she's the one
that got me through it.
I don't think
I ever told her that.
We-- Did we bump heads
in the beginning.
She made it very clear
that she did not like me at all.
No. sir.
So what changed?
I don't know.
I like to think that...
we got to know
each other a little.
The answer is I don't have
the slightest fucking idea.
Answer to what?
You asked me what I was gonna do
if she didn't wake up.
Then it's time
to get these people home.
Look. this might not be
the moment to bring this up.
but Jade already told you
what you need to do.
You really
just gonna ignore that
over a missing door?
I mean. the fact that
Donna's lying here right now--
No. you're right.
This is not the goddamn moment.
Boyd?
[TENDER MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
BOYD: Hey. hey. hey.
[SHUSHES] It's okay.
DONNA: [GROANING]
No. no. no. No. you're okay.
Hey.
Boyd?
Hey. you're here.
You're okay. Kristi!
You're here. You're here.
What?
Get in here.
Get in here. Get in.
You're okay. You're okay.
You're all right.
KRISTI: Donna.
Hey. Donna.
Oh. God.
I know. Can you look at me?
Donna. just breathe.
BOYD: Hey.
KRISTI: Good.
DONNA: [GROANING]
KRISTI: Yeah.
Okay. I need you
to squeeze my hands. okay?
Okay.
Dad?
Yeah. Uh...
She's awake.
Oh. my God.
BOYD: She's. uh...
Hey. would you...
Would you tell everybody?
Thank you.
Yeah.
PATTY: Hey. guys. she's awake.
Hey. did you hear that?
Yeah.
PATTY: Guys. she's awake.
Hey.
She's okay?
Yeah. Yeah. she is.
Okay.
She's... Yeah.
I'll be-- I'll be right back.
HENRY: There you go.
Good as new.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Sort of.
Should we drink
to my good health?
Why not?
[GROANS]
That one had some kick.
[COUGHS]
You know what
I was thinking. Henry?
I do not.
but I am near certain
you are about to tell me.
It's the strangest thought.
but I just can't shake it.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
You know. we're trapped
in a town we can't escape from.
surrounded by monsters
that come
from the forest at night.
None of it feels real. does it?
Have you ever wondered
if maybe
this is all just a dream?
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Here we go.
FATHER KHATRI:
Great news about Donna.
It's just too bad about Roger.
You can't let me have
a fucking minute. can you?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Take as much time as you need.
I'm sure it's fine.
It's not as though
murderous dolls
climbed out of a lake
and attacked your people.
All right.
What Tabitha said.
About people's fears.
The nightmares becoming
part of the forest
after they die. Is that true?
I think it might be. yeah.
"Tip of the spear."
What's that?
This guy named Martin
once told me
that those things
that come out at night.
they're just
the tip of the spear.
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
The bones of those kids.
are they down there?
Are they in the tunnels?
I don't know.
What the fuck do you know?
FATHER KHATRI:
That you're running out of time.
Hey. how am I supposed
to take people
down into those tunnels
when I don't have a fucking clue
if what Jade saw is even real?
Some things you just have
to take on faith.
I...
[GRUMBLES]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
Not with something like this.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
BOYD: [MUTTERS INDISTINCTLY]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[MUSIC RISES]
You wanna fuck with me. huh?
[YELLS]
[GRUNTS]
You wanna test me. huh?
[YELLS]
[RUBBLE PATTERING]
[MUFFLED YELLS]
What the hell?
BOYD: [YELLS]
[SLEDGEHAMMER THUDS]
You wanna fuck with me?
[YELLS]
[RUBBLE PATTERS]
[PANTS]
You want me
to go down in those tunnels?
[YELLS]
[RUBBLE PATTERING]
You want me
to risk people's lives? [YELLS]
Then show me the fucking door!
[YELLS]
[STONES CRUMBLING]
[MUSIC RISES]
[YELLS]
[MUSIC FADES]
[SLEDGEHAMMER CLATTERS]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Holy shit.
We're gonna need a plan.
[MUSIC FADES]
[CLOSING THEME PLAYING]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]